feat(sequence): first class exclusive interval endpoints (#16310)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/dds/sequence/README.md

comments.removeIntervalById(comment.getIntervalId());
```

### Interval stickiness

"Stickiness" refers to the behavior of intervals when text is inserted on either side of the interval. A "sticky" interval is one which expands to include text inserted directly adjacent to it.

A "start sticky" interval is one which expands only to include text inserted to the start of it. An "end sticky" interval is the same, but with regard to text inserted adjacent to the end.

> For example, let's look at the string "abc". If we have an interval on the character "b", what happens when we insert text on either side of it? In the below diagrams, we represent an interval by putting a caret directly underneath the characters it contains.

Reviewer: You should add some code translations to this explanation. I'm looking for something like "no stickiness corresponds to `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.None)` and places both interval endpoints on 'b'. Left-stickiness corresponds to `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.Left)` and places the start endpoint on 'a' and the end endpoint on 'b'"

or something to that effect.

Reviewer: The README could use a rewrite in terms of what a `SequencePlace` is and default behavior if numbers are used instead.

##### Original string:

```
abc
 ^
```

##### No stickiness:

```
aXbYc
  ^
```

The interval does not expand to include the newly inserted characters `X` and `Y`.

##### Start stickiness:

```
aXbYc
 ^^
```

##### End stickiness:

```
aXbYc
  ^^
```

##### Full stickiness:

```
aXbYc
 ^^^
```

Stickiness on either side is implemented by adding exclusivity to an existing interval. That is, if we were to take the interval `[0, 3]` and make it end-sticky, we would make the end endpoint exclusive: `[0, 4)`.

Such exclusivity requires that it be possible to reference positions before and after the start or end of the string respectively. These positions before and after the string are not possible to reference with regular (insertion, deletion, etc.) ops, but _can_ be referenced by intervals using the values "start" and "end", rather than an integer string position.

> The "start" and "end" positions act as though they refer to position 0 and string.length - 1 respectively for most operations.

Reviewer: sounds right, but i'd add an explicit example highlighting the implications here with e.g. `OverlappingIntervalsIndex`.

Reviewer: I'm looking for clarity because it's not necessarily obvious to me how it should work. E.g. perhaps we should be adjusting sticky endpoints to account for the fact that they're exclusive in the interval comparator for overlapping intervals. (I'd rather not do this, but maybe it makes sense. idk).

Stickiness on either side is implemented by adding exclusivity to an existing interval. That is, if we were to take the interval `[0, 3]` and make it end-sticky, we would make the end endpoint exclusive: `[0, 4)`.

> If we again look at the string `abc`, and then create an interval on the range `[1, 1]`, in code, no stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.NONE)` and both endpoints would be placed on `b`. Start stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.START)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `a`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `b`. End stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.END)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `b`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `c`. Full stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.FULL)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `a`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `c`. The interval `[1, 1]` would become `(0, 1]`, `[1, 2)`, and `(0, 2)` under start, end, and full stickiness respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we again look at the string `abc`, and then create an interval on the range `[1, 1]`, in code, no stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.NONE)` and both endpoints would be placed on `b`.
Start stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.START)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `a`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `b`.
End stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.END)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `b`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `c`.
Full stickiness would be written as `collection.add(1, 1, Stickiness.FULL)` and the start endpoint would be placed on `a`, while the end endpoint would be placed on `c`.
The interval's `LocalReference` endpoints would thus be placed on indices `(0, 1]`, `[1, 2)`, and `(0, 2)` under start, end, and full stickiness respectively.
```

Such exclusivity requires that it be possible to reference positions before and after the start or end of the string respectively. These positions before and after the string are not possible to reference with regular (insertion, deletion, etc.) ops, but _can_ be referenced by intervals using the values "start" and "end", rather than an integer string position.

> In operations that rely on exact positions -- for example in the case of the `OverlappingIntervalsIndex`, the "start" and "end" positions act as though they refer to the positions `0` and `string.length - 1` respectively. Internally intervals are aware of their exclusive endpoints, and can use this to give more semantically correct results in these operations.

Reviewer: reconceptualizing things with sides has made this concern generally go away. It leaves this PR with introducing some tech debt in that some of the APIs that are supposed to be generic to type of interval now have variants which only make sense for SequenceInterval (e.g. `IIntervalCollection.add` can take in a `SequencePlace` even when `TInterval` is `Interval` and not `SequenceInterval`), but seeing as we already deprecated SharedIntervalCollection I see this as acceptable debt to take on.
